make better docs (#60)
Ouranosinc/xscen: docs/index.rst

xscen: A climate change scenario-building analysis framework, built with Intake-esm catalogs and xarray-based packages such as xclim and xESMF.

Need help?
==========
* Ouranos employees can ask questions on the Ouranos private StackOverflow where you can tag subjects and people. (https://stackoverflow.com/c/ouranos/questions ).
* Potential bugs in xscen can be reported as an issue here: https://github.com/Ouranosinc/xscen/issues .

> * Problem with data on Ouranos servers can be reported as an issue here: https://github.com/Ouranosinc/miranda/issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Problems with data on Ouranos' servers can be reported as an issue here: https://github.com/Ouranosinc/miranda/issues
```
